feat: Added licensing information to UnetStack page (#166)
subnero1/subnero1.github.io: products/unet.md

Detailed documentation is available on the [UnetStack documentation page](https://www.unetstack.net/docs.html){:target="_blank"}.

## Licensing
​
UnetStack comes in 4 editions,

#### 1. Community Edition

> The **Community** edition is available for download on the [UnetStack website](https://unetstack.net/){:target="_blank"} and is free for non-commercial use. If you are developing and/or simulating underwater networks for educational or other non-commercial purposes, this edition is for you. This edition contains the [UnetStack simulator](https://unetstack.net/handbook/unet-handbook_part_ii_setting_up_underwater_networks.html){:target="_blank"} as well as the [Unet audio](https://unetstack.net/handbook/unet-handbook_getting_started.html#_using_acoustic_modems){:target="_blank"}.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Community** edition is available for download on the [UnetStack website](https://unetstack.net/){:target="_blank"} and is free for non-commercial use. If you are developing and/or simulating underwater networks for educational or other non-commercial purposes, this edition is for you. This edition contains the [UnetStack simulator](https://unetstack.net/handbook/unet-handbook_part_vi_simulating_underwater_networks.html){:target="_blank"} as well as the [Unet audio](https://unetstack.net/handbook/unet-handbook_getting_started.html#_transmitting_and_recording_arbitrary_acoustic_waveforms){:target="_blank"}.
```

> NOTE: **Community** edition is not meant to access a device that has UnetStack **OEM** (e.g. Subnero modems) pre-installed on it, for a commercial use-case, as the **Community** edition is only available for educational and other non-commercial purposes. You may, however, use any of the [open-source Gateway and UnetSocket libraries](https://github.com/org-arl/unet-contrib){:target="_blank"} to connect to a UnetStack **OEM** device.

​
#### 2. Commercial Edition

> The **Commercial** edition of UnetStack is similar to the **Community** edition except you may use it in commercial applications. If you want to run UnetStack in your commercial application, please [contact us](mailto:sales@subnero.com) for more details about licensing the UnetStack **Commercial** edition.

Author: ```suggestion
The **Commercial** edition of UnetStack is similar to the **Community** edition except you may use it in commercial applications. If you want to run UnetStack in your commercial application, please [contact us](https://subnero.com/contact/) for more details about licensing the UnetStack **Commercial** edition.
```

​
#### 3. OEM Edition
The **OEM** edition is the version of UnetStack installed in the Subnero modems. You can use the various [UnetStack APIs](https://unetstack.net/handbook/unet-handbook_part_iii_building_unet_applications.html){:target="_blank"} and [open source Gateway and UnetSocket libraries](https://github.com/org-arl/unet-contrib){:target="_blank"} from any other device or computer to access the modems, without needing a separate license. 

> In addition, if you are interested in getting UnetStack installed on your OEM device, you can [contact us](mailto:sales@subnero.com).

Author: ```suggestion
In addition, if you are interested in getting UnetStack installed on your OEM device, you can [contact us](https://subnero.com/contact/).
```

​
#### 4. Commercial (Dev-tools) Edition
The **Commercial (Dev-tools)** edition of UnetStack is similar to the **Commercial** edition but it is tagged to a specific OEM device (e.g. Subnero modem) that you own. You can use this edition of UnetStack to simulate and develop software for that OEM device, as well as to run UnetStack on your workstations to connect to and control the OEM device for development and testing of any applications involving the OEM device.

> Subnero modems may have an associated **Commercial (Dev-tools)** edition. [Contact us](mailto:sales@subnero.com) for more information on the **Commercial (Dev-tools)** license.

Author: ```suggestion
Subnero modems may have an associated **Commercial (Dev-tools)** edition. [Contact us](https://subnero.com/contact/) for more information on the **Commercial (Dev-tools)** license.
```
